docs: improve readme (#1411)
ReVanced/revanced-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

   <a href="https://reddit.com/r/revancedapp">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032351-9d9d5619-8ef7-470a-9eec-2744ece54553.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://t.me/app_revanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 👋 Contribution guidelines
This document describes how to contribute to ReVanced Manager.

## 📖 Resources to help you get started

> * The [documentation](/docs/README.md) provides steps to build ReVanced Manager from source

Reviewer: This should probably link to the actual file instead of the table of contents.

Author: This will eventually link to the actual step to build the rvmc when the rewriting of the docs for it is finish

Author: > @PalmDevs This should probably link to the actual file instead of the table of contents.

👋 This is implemented, please check now.

> * [Our backlog](https://github.com/orgs/ReVanced/projects/12) is where we keep track of what we're working on

Reviewer 2: There's missing consistency here, it should be either:

[The documentation]
[Our backlog]
Or:
The [documentation]
Our [backlog]

* [Issues](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues) are where we keep track of bugs and feature requests

## 🙏 Submitting a feature request
Features can be requested by opening an issue using the

> [Feature request issue template](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature-request&projects=&template=feature-issue.yml&title=feat%3A+%3Ctitle%3E).

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be weird for the link's text to start capitalized out of nowhere? it's still part of the sentence.

> [!NOTE]

> > We may rejected your request at the discretion of maintainers,
> > please provides good motivation for a request to be accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> We may rejected your request at the discretion of maintainers,
> please provides good motivation for a request to be accepted.
```
```suggestion
> We may reject your request at the discretion of maintainers,
> please provide good motivation for a request to be accepted.
```

Reviewer 2: And also this says "discretion of maintainers", while the note below says "the maintainers of ReVanced Manager"

## 🐞 Submitting a bug report
If you encounter a bug while using the ReVanced Manager app, open an issue using the

> [Bug report issue template](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug-issue.yml&title=bug%3A+%3Ctitle%3E).

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be weird for the link's text to start capitalized out of nowhere? it's still part of the sentence.

## 📝 How to contribute
> [!NOTE]

> > It's worth noting that we recommend that you discuss your changes with 

Reviewer: `It's worth nothing that` is useless here.

Author: ```suggestion
> We recommend that you discuss your changes with 
```

Co-authored-by: Palm <palmpasuthorn@gmail.com>

> > It's worth noting that we recommended that you discuss your changes with 
> > the maintainers of ReVanced Manager before contributing. 
> > This will help you determine whether your change is acceptable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It's worth noting that we recommend that you discuss your changes with 
> the maintainers of ReVanced Manager before contributing. 
> This will help you determine whether your change is acceptable.
```

> 1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `dev`

Reviewer: ``1. Fork the repository and create a new branch based off the `dev` branch``

Author: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repository and create a new branch based off the `dev` branch
```

Co-authored-by: Palm <palmpasuthorn@gmail.com>

> 2. Make sure that the commit name are clear and concise as possible and commit your changes.

Reviewer: Not sure what this is supposed to mean.

Author: The commit name has to be clear to the maintainer to avoid confusion during development.

We wouldn't want something like `refactor: update stuff` because it's ambiguous.

```suggestion
2. Commit your changes and avoid using ambiguous name
```

   If you have never contributed to this repository before, it's recommended to read the overview in the [documentation for developers](/docs/developers/README.md)
3. Open a pull request to the `dev` branch and reference issues that your pull request closes
4. The maintainers of ReVanced Manager will review and provide suggestions. 
   Once your pull request is approved and merged, it will be included in the next release of ReVanced Manager

## 🤚 I want to contribute but don't know how to code

> Even if you don't know how to code, you can still help us by
> translate the ReVanced Manager application at [Crowdin](https://translate.revanced.app/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even if you don't know how to code, you can still contribute by
translating the ReVanced Manager application on our [Crowdin](https://translate.revanced.app/).
```

> translating the ReVanced Manager application on our [Crowdin](https://translate.revanced.app/).

Reviewer: `the ReVanced Manager application` can just be `ReVanced Manager`

Author: ```suggestion
translating ReVanced Manager on [Crowdin](https://translate.revanced.app/).
```

Co-authored-by: Palm <palmpasuthorn@gmail.com>

           <img height="24px" src="https://i.ibb.co/9wV3HGF/Git-Hub-Mark-Light.png" />
       </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="http://revanced.app/discord">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032563-d4e084b7-244e-4358-af50-26bde6dd4996.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://reddit.com/r/revancedapp">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032351-9d9d5619-8ef7-470a-9eec-2744ece54553.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://t.me/app_revanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />

>       </picture>

Author: This is actually

```html
<picture>
 ...
<picture/>
```

Opening a fix at the branding repo and affected repository soon.

Author: Issue opened @ https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-branding/pull/28

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source
      width="256px"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
      srcset="assets/revanced-headline/revanced-headline-vertical-dark.svg"
    >
    <img 

>       width="256px"

Author: Without `width="256"`, this caused the branding to be extra large for light mode users

PR opened @ https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-branding/pull/29

   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://reddit.com/r/revancedapp">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032351-9d9d5619-8ef7-470a-9eec-2744ece54553.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://t.me/app_revanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

> # 👋 Contribution guidelines

Author: Should this be "Contribution guidelines" or "ReVanced Manager contribution guidelines"

the second one is consistent with ReVanced Patches repository

https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-patches/blob/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#-revanced-patches-contribution-guidelines

Reviewer 3: I'd say the second one

Author: This is no longer applicable as ReVanced Patches repository switched to simpler header ("Contribution guidelines")
